if I have babbling it balloonman yeah
dude it's been over 25 years since my
very first intervention because on
February 22nd of 1995 I was arrested for
my first DUI and when I called my mom
collect from the jail she said no way
I'm bailing you out unless you go
straight to rehab which I did but it was
all a big failure because I didn't get
clean and sober did I and ten years
later in 2005 by that point I was
watching the show intervention to make
myself feel better about my own problem
and I was such a fan of the show that
when my buddies and I made this movie
called TV the movie which was a bunch of
parody skits of TV shows I was like yo
let's make an intervention parody where
I'm a kid's birthday party clown it'll
be hilarious mr. Hawkin so I'm this
[__] up clown and I think I'm going to
a kids party and I crash this tricycle
through a door
I wrote that sketch all by myself and
the whole point was if anybody tries to
pull an intervention on me they're gonna
pay for it I think you know why we're
all here yeah [__] party and not only
am i not gonna go to rehab I actually
set the interventionist on fire what's
not safe town me not that [__] party
I thought it was funny I still think
it's funny
but anybody who knew me or cared about
me didn't think it was funny at all
because it was just too true and so ends
a day of work yeah as the years went by
I got worse and then in 2006 something
really weird and [__] up happened and
I'm counting it as an intervention we
had a whole cast photo shoot for jackass
and I showed up with all these drugs and
alcohol everything I mean I'm getting
all [__] up
and not so stressed up as this like more
general guy with like big samurai sword
then it was just me and Stevo he was
doing them what does that this whippets
knock shell for a photo comes up and
like plunges the samurai sword through
the backdrop and I ran at the wall with
my sword and I stabbed the wall and it
bounced off and went right into
steve-o's back he actually stabbed me in
the back and it wasn't that bad of a
wound to see those either white white in
red meat it's not even as wide as the
whole samurai sword it was just the tip
went in it wasn't the kind of wound the
required stitches but they made me get
them just so they could stop me from
doing more drugs that day he had it
coming though
what and naturally the next year I was
way worse [__] cookies ketamine
at this point [__] was so crazy if you
can believe it I had two failed
interventions back-to-back because my
sister in Florida
knew that I was in deep trouble she
called the cops in LA asking them to go
into my apartment and see if I'm okay
and it was such a gnarly scene as I
described it to the paparazzi a couple
nights later
it's your favorite paparazzi right here
baby hi
off the deep-end I got like all drugged
out I took like five bars xanax like I
was clapping all this [__] band up I
woke up my bedroom is full of police
officers and firemen and took nightmares
at night in the hospital and that
paparazzi interview happened as I showed
up to this nightclub to shoot a vh1 show
about these old ladies who are gonna
learn how to party from me and Kim
Kardashian now we're gonna learn how to
party new signals that's right and then
when we're shooting the bit in the
nightclub I'm like hey come on old lady
come to the bathroom and like we'll do
cocaine I think the producers of that
show were so disturbed by me at the
nightclub that they asked me if they
could do another shoot where they
brought the ladies over to my apartment
so the ladies on cameras sat me down and
said hey you have a problem and this is
an intervention I'm like what you're
gonna come into my apartment and and do
what and I was so pissed that I think I
just flew off the handle and told them
they could not include that footage in
the show I don't like I would sue or
something so the show came out it was
just like this awkward like I'm drinking
I left that production company with no
story to tell except that it's fun to
party with steve-o which it wasn't it
got to a point where I was just always
hearing about how people were worried
about me and I was like well whatever
apparently Jay Knoxville and bam went
there to Howard Stern and told him that
they're worried about me because I was
so out of control I'm drunk
has said what else is new it got to the
point where I was on the lookout for
interventions and then dr. drew came out
with the show Celebrity Rehab so when I
saw him next I actually showed up
prepared to put up a fight I thought he
might trying to sign me up so I brought
security and I wasn't even pretending to
not know that I have a problem as an as
an addict reserves his right to keep
using but what I told dr. drew was hey
man when I'm ready then I'll do it I
don't get in the way I'm very
professional about it I didn't ever
think I was gonna be ready what I
thought was that I just couldn't really
go out as much you know so I did more
just hauling up at home in my apartment
cuckoo and at this point I was getting
so [__] up that I started hearing
voices and hallucinating where I'm
watching people walk around who are
never there and I know I've said that
before in previous videos but we dug up
footage of it actually happening because
young [__] been going through the
darkness oh my god that was rolling
that was me really thing as Targa's
Negus clearly a demon and one of the
main reasons for this video is that i
actually hallucinating a full-on
intervention and we found footage of
that [__] happening - i actually watched
a group of people file into my apartment
and sit down to have this formal talk
with me and i wasn't even really mad
about it because i thought it was so
cool i grabbed my camera and tried to
film it but nobody was there the living
room was empty stuff like that happened
- kind of a lot and i made a bit and my
stand up about it
and that's what you know your problem is
really serious when your hallucinations
are worried about the problem with my
plan to just stay at home doing drugs
alone was that i developed a real habit
of sending out mass emails which i often
included my family on so they got so
concerned they really pressured me into
going to see a psychiatrist to talk
about what was going on and i only
agreed to do so if i could film it so i
went in there and told the guy what was
going on you could say that psychiatrist
visit was another failed intervention
and it really only was one more failure
before the successful intervention that
got me sober this was in February of
2008 we went out to New York City to
film the jackass 24 hour takeover of MTV
and I show up in New York there's a news
crew there and I tell them I just sit in
my house just piling all the narcotics
into my body that possibly can
namely ketamine nitrous oxide PCP
cocaine you know how'd you get all kinds
of results and this takeover was all the
jackass dudes running MTV's programming
for 24 hours out of their headquarters
and I was on drugs for 24 hours before
it started and I did drugs the whole
time I was there like got some footage
smashing cans on my head
rapping terribly and I totally didn't
last all 24 hours because they
intervened by kicking me out and back
then getting kicked out of a jackass
deal for being too wasted was really
something you know what else is really
something my guest on wild ride with
steve-o this week was at the Jackass
takeover it is we man yes oh man you
know I miss this so click right here and
what are you still doing here looking
lovely man thank you